you sorry bunch of monkey suited donkey
phlegm tonight you are not human beings
tonight Kevin Spacey is a human being
Meryl Streep is a human being em night
shamalamadingdong is a human being when
a human being leaves their seat to
accept an award or pinch a loaf
or get their God knob you take their
seat you are asked sheets with feet zip
that fly Tweedledum and you will behave
like ass cheeks with feet do I make
myself clear I can't hear you
so yes
no shiny
let's go braiding those hairs picking
making a name conversation or
taking lewd photo with the cell to
Hungarian porn mag ha ha ha ha
one point six don't forget to cross your
legs next what
ha how did you bust super get just super
you're gonna be the best seat filler
since preparation-h can you hear my
stomach Lenny it's crying out for help
Oh God
it's praying again
man Lenny I might get a chance to sit
next to Janeane Garofalo and maybe
she'll give me a roll I saw what a roll
any just a little roll and a big one
and you'll get that roll kids with
butter and jam posted maybe even man
what's up is what what's up my butt I
was up his butt now get out of my sight
get out of my country and get out of my
show
Sargent shorts off it's ten seconds to
Showtime don't worry boss I'll make it
up to you No
you